you're asking me out.  that's so cute. what's your name again?
forget it.

gosh, if only we could find kat a boyfriend...
let me see what i can do.

how is our little find the wench a date plan progressing?
well, there's someone i think might be --

there.
where?

you got something on your mind?
i counted on you to help my cause. you and that thug are obviously failing. aren't we ever going on our date?

you have my word.  as a gentleman
you're sweet.

how do you get your hair to look like that?
eber's deep conditioner every two days. and i never, ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment.

hi.
looks like things worked out tonight, huh?

you know chastity?
i believe we share an art instructor

have fun tonight?
tons

then guillermo says, "if you go any lighter, you're gonna look like an extra on 90210."
no...

wow
let's go.

she okay?
i hope so.

they do to!
they do not!

great
would you mind getting me a drink, cameron?

i have to be home in twenty minutes.
i don't have to be home 'til two.

you think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom?
i did.

it's more
expensive?

exactly  so, you going to bogey lowenbrau's thing on saturday?
hopefully.

neat...
my agent says i've got a good shot at being the prada guy next year.

listen, i want to talk to you about the prom.
you know the deal.  i can ' t go if kat doesn't go --

where've you been?
nowhere... hi, daddy.

i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you don't get out of my way.
can you at least start wearing a bra?

can't you forget for just one night that you're completely wretched?
at least i'm not a clouted fen- sucked hedge-pig.

you are so completely unbalanced.
can we go now?

bianca, i need to talk to you -- i need to tell you --
i really don't think i need any social advice from you right now.

i don't get you.  you act like you're too good for any of this, and then you go totally apeshit when you get here.
you're welcome.

you looked beautiful last night, you know.
so did you

is that woman a complete fruit-loop or is it just me?
it's just you.

patrick -- is that- a.
perm?

but she doesn't want to date.
exactly my point

daddy, people expect me to be there!
if kat's not going, you're not going.

oh, god.  it's starting.
it's just a party. daddy.

i'm missing something.
i have a date, daddy.  and he ' s not a captain of oppression like some men we know.

best case scenario, you're back on the payroll for awhile.
yeah, but these guys have never seen a horse.  they just jack off to clint eastwood.

i teach her french, get to know her, dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me.
unlikely, but even so, she still can't go out with you.  so what's the point?

what about him?
you wanna go out with him?

you got him involved?
like we had a choice?  besides -- when you let the enemy think he's orchestrating the battle, you're in a position of power. we let him pretend he's calling the shots, and while he's busy setting up the plan, you have time to woo bianca.

he's pretty!
okay!  i wasn't sure

assail your ears for one night.
it's her favorite band.

you told me that part already.
hell, i've just been going over the whole thing in my head and -

you humiliated the woman! sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score.
best case scenario, you're back on the payroll for awhile.

and he means that strictly in a non- prison-movie type of way.
yeah -- we'll see.

what've you got for me?
i've retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you'll find helpful.

okay -- likes:  thai food, feminist prose, and "angry, stinky girl music of the indie-rock persuasion".
so what does that give me?  i'm supposed to buy her some noodles and a book and sit around listening to chicks who can't play their instruments?

gigglepuss is playing there tomorrow night.
don't make me do it, man

cameron, i'm a little busy
it's off. the whole thing.

what 're you talking about?
she's partial to joey, not me

what'd you do to her?
i don ' t know.  i decided not to nail her when she was too drunk to remember it.

she hates you with the fire of a thousand suns .  that's a direct quote
she just needs time to cool off i'll give it a day.

what's the worst?
you get the girl.

hey -- do you mind?
not at all

leave my sister alone.
and why would i do that?

yeah
what do you think?

i can't take a girl like that out on twenty bucks.
fine, thirty.

take it or leave it.  this isn't a negotiation.
fifty, and you've got your man.

it's about time.
a deal's a deal.

i don't know, dorsey. ..the limo.-the flowers.  another hundred for the tux --
enough with the barbie n' ken shit. i know.

you better not fuck this up.  i'm heavily invested.
hey -- it's all for the higher good right?

mandella, eat.  starving yourself is a very slow way to die.
just a little.

what's this?
an attempted slit.

i realize that the men of this fine institution are severely lacking, but killing yourself so you can be with william shakespeare is beyond the scope of normal teenage obsessions.  you're venturing far past daytime talk show fodder and entering the world of those who need very expensive therapy.
but imagine the things he'd say during sex.

the people at this school are so incredibly foul.
you could always go with me.  i'm sure william has some friends.

you think this'll work?
no fear.

what'd he say?
who cares?

pick you up friday, then
oh, right.  friday.

you're not a big talker, are you?
depends on the topic. my fenders don't really whip me into a verbal frenzy.

okay?
i'm fine. i'm

kat! wake up!
what?

and i'm in control of it.
but it's gigglepuss - i know you like them.  i saw you there.

oh, so now you think you know me?
i'm gettin' there

he left!  i sprung the dickhead and he cruised on me.
look up, sunshine

you up for it?
for. . . ?

that ' s completely adorable!
it gets worse -- you still have your freshman yearbook?

a fender strat. you bought this?
i thought you could use it. when you start your band.

this from someone whose diary is devoted to favorite grooming tips?
enough!

tempestuous?
no ... i believe "heinous bitch" is the term used most often.

am i supposed to feel better? like, right now?  or do i have some time to think about it?
just smack her now.

you think?
oh yeah.

i think i speak correctly when i say that cameron's love is pure.  purer than say -- joey dorsey's.
dorsey can plow whoever he wants. i'm just in this for the cash.

you two are gonna help me tame the wild beast?
we're your guys.

what?!
good enough.

are you telling me i'm a -  "non-smoker"?
just for now.

ever been to club skunk?
yeah.

i prefer to think of it simply as an alternative to what the law allows.
i'm likin' you guys better

so you got cozy with she who stings?
no - i've got a sweet-payin' job that i'm about to lose.

you're completely demented.
see you next week!

in the microwave.
make anyone cry today?

what's a synonym for throbbing?
sarah lawrence is on the other side of the country.

would you rather be ravished by a pirate or a british rear admiral?
pirate -- no question.

they'll dance, they'll kiss, they'll come home.  let her go.
kissing?  is that what you think happens?  kissing isn't what keeps me up to my elbows in placenta all day.

what do you wanna watch?  we've got crap, crap, crap or crap
dr. ruth?

have a great time, honey!
but -- who -- what --?